Update return value text when there is no returned value (#15145)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/structures/syntax_sections/index.md

#### Return value section

> Next, include a "Return value" subsection, which explains what the return value of the constructor or method. See the above links for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, include a "Return value" subsection, which explains what the return value of the constructor or method is. See the above links as examples.
```

If there is no return value, use the following text:

> > None, that is an \{\{jsxref("undefined")}} object will be returned when trying to access it.

Reviewer: `undefined` is a primitive and not an object.
```suggestion
> None, that is an \\{{jsxref("undefined")}} value will be returned when trying to execute it.
```
`obj.toString` and `obj.toString()` are different things.

Reviewer 2: Grammatically I think:

> None: that is, an ...

is better.

But I'm not very keen on boilerplate prose because I think it makes content harder to scan. So IMO if we're not prepared to say just "None", we should say just `undefined`.

Reviewer 3: Agree with @wbamberg . Not at all happy with that prose. 

I would be happy with any of:
- `undefined`
- None (`undefined`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
None (\{\{jsxref("undefined")}}).
```

Author: I'm ok with this one too. What do you think, @wbamberg ?

Reviewer 2: I prefer "None." (because https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15145#issuecomment-1106769777) but I'm fine with:

> None (`undefined`).

as well if it's preferred.

Reviewer: Technically it's always `undefined`.
```js
function foo() { }

console.log(foo() === undefined); // true
```
It's not none.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I know.

Reviewer 4: OK I read everything - I think None (`undefined`) is a good middle ground 👍

> If there is no return value, use the following text:
> 
> > None, that is an \{\{jsxref("undefined")}} object will be returned when trying to access it.

Author: So it looks like we have a consensus for this?

```suggestion
If there is no return value, use the following:

> \{\{jsxref("undefined")}}
```

Reviewer 3: I think we have consensus on

```
None (\{\{jsxref("undefined")}}).
```

https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/15145/files#r857198402
